Fix cli bugs (#77)
open-pv/simshady: documents/how_does_the_cli_work.md

    # then run the cli
    simshady run --simulation-geometry ...
```
#### Setting up a server
A couple of preparation steps might be necessary for running the simshady CLI on a server. The following setup was done on a fresh install of an Ubuntu 22.04 VM with a NVIDIA GPU.
```bash
# install npm
apt-get update && apt-get install npm

# install adequate node version e.g. v24.13.0.
#...

# sound library required by chrome
sudo apt-get install libasound2
# depending on which configuration you are planning on running you might need to install graphics libraries as well.
sudo apt-get install -y libx11-xcb1 libgl1-mesa-dri libgbm1 libdrm2 libxcb-dri3-0 libxshmfence1 libegl1 libgles2
```

> For our setup we ran using Vulkan. It was therefore necessary to set the following Chrome arguments in order to use the GPU for WebGL2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our setup we used Vulkan. It was therefore necessary to set the following Chrome arguments in order to use the GPU for WebGL2:
```
